Add `TaskManager` (#5163)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/coroutines.rst

    This means that Tasks passed to it are *still running*.
    You may need to cancel those Tasks with :meth:`.Task.cancel`.

.. _task_manager_tutorial:

:class:`!TaskManager`: Structured Asymmetric Concurrency
========================================================

> The :class:`~cocotb.task.TaskManager` class is another way to run multiple async routines concurrently and wait for them all to complete,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`~cocotb.triggers.TaskManager` class is another way to run multiple async routines concurrently and wait for them all to complete,
```

but properly manages the lifetime of its "children" and handles exceptions and cancellations gracefully.
This should be the preferred way to run multiple coroutines concurrently.

The typical usage pattern is to create a :class:`!TaskManager` as an :term:`asynchronous context manager` using the :keyword:`async with` statement;

> then to use the :deco:`~cocotb.triggers.TaskManager.fork` decorator method to start :class:`!Task`\ s within the context block.

Reviewer: This somehow shows the hierarchy including the tilde in https://cocotb--5163.org.readthedocs.build/en/5163/coroutines.html#taskmanager-structured-asymmetric-concurrency

When control reaches the end of the context block
the :class:`!TaskManager` blocks the encompassing :class:`!Task` until all children :class:`!Task`\ s complete.

.. code-block:: python

>     async with TaskManager() as tm:

Author: I should add this to the prelude.

EDIT: Wait, it's a part of the prelude. We use `import *`. Why isn't it working?

>     async with TaskManager() as tm:

Reviewer: Sorry for leading you down a wrong path... I was just suggesting it for the users to see where they have to get `TaskManager` from when we introduce it. (They might rightfully think `cocotb.task`.)

You can catch the :exc:`!ExceptionGroup` to handle errors from child :class:`!Task`\ s
by either catching the :exc:`!ExceptionGroup` as you would typically;
or, if you are running Python 3.11 or later,
using the new `except* <https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#except-star>`_ syntax
to catch specific exception types from the group.
This new syntax will run the except clause for each matching exception in the group.

.. code-block:: python

    try:
        async with TaskManager(continue_on_error=True) as tm:

            @tm.fork
            async def task1():
                ...
                raise ValueError("An error occurred in task1")

            @tm.fork
            async def task2():
                ...
                raise ValueError("An error occurred in task2")

    except* ValueError as e:
        # This will print both ValueErrors from task1 and task2
        cocotb.log.info(f"Caught ValueError from TaskManager: {e}")

You are permitted to add any :keyword:`await` statement to the body of the context block.
This means that it is possible for child tasks to start running, and end with an exception, before the context block has finished.

> In this case, a :exc:`CancelledError` will be raised from the current :keyword:`!await`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, a :exc:`~asyncio.CancelledError` will be raised from the current :keyword:`!await`
```

    This means that Tasks passed to it are *still running*.
    You may need to cancel those Tasks with :meth:`.Task.cancel`.

.. _task_manager_tutorial:

:class:`!TaskManager`: Structured Asymmetric Concurrency
========================================================

The :class:`~cocotb.triggers.TaskManager` class is another way to run multiple async routines concurrently and wait for them all to complete,

> but properly manages the lifetime of its "children" and handles exceptions and cancellations gracefully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`~cocotb.triggers.TaskManager` class is another way to run multiple async routines concurrently and wait for them all to complete.
It properly manages the lifetime of its "children" and handles exceptions and cancellations gracefully.
```
If the "but" was to contrast this part with the section above, maybe make it more explicit.

> This should be the preferred way to run multiple coroutines concurrently.

Reviewer: Should this section be more prominent then, i.e. come earlier?

This means that it is possible for child tasks to start running, and end with an exception, before the context block has finished.
In this case, a :exc:`~asyncio.CancelledError` will be raised from the current :keyword:`!await` expression
if the *continue_on_error* parameter to the constructor is ``False`` (default),
or continue if *continue_on_error* is ``True``.

.. code-block:: python

    async with TaskManager() as tm:

        @tm.fork
        async def task1():
            raise ValueError("An error occurred in task1")

        try:
            await Timer(10)  # During this await, task1 will fail
        except CancelledError:
            cocotb.log.info(
                "The rest of the context block will be skipped due to task1 failing"
            )
            raise  # DON'T FORGET THIS

        ...  # This code will be skipped

.. warning::
    Just like with :class:`~cocotb.task.Task`, cancelling a :class:`!TaskManager` instance
    (after a child fails, or if another Task cancels the Task using the :class:`!TaskManager`)
    and squashing the resulting :exc:`CancelledError` will cause the test to fail immediately.

>     Always remember to re-raise the :exc:`!CancelledError` if you catch it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and squashing the resulting :exc:`!asyncio.CancelledError` will cause the test to fail immediately.
    Always remember to re-raise the :exc:`!asyncio.CancelledError` if you catch it.
```

    assert task2.done()
    assert task2.result() == 42

After exiting the context block and waiting for all child :class:`!Task`\ s to complete,
no further calls to :meth:`start_soon` or :deco:`!fork` are permitted.
Attempting to do so will raise a :exc:`RuntimeError`.

Additionally, after a child :class:`!Task` fails and the :class:`!TaskManager` begins cancelling other child :class:`!Task`\ s,
no further calls to :meth:`start_soon` or :deco:`!fork` are permitted.
Attempting to do so will raise a :exc:`!RuntimeError`,
unless the *continue_on_error* parameter is ``True``.

.. code-block:: python

    try:
        async with TaskManager(continue_on_error=True) as tm:

            @tm.fork
            async def task1():
                raise ValueError("An error occurred in task1")

            await Timer(1)
            # At this point task1 has already failed, but because continue_on_error=True,
            # we can still add new tasks.

            @tm.fork
            async def task2(): ...

    except* ValueError as e:
        cocotb.log.info(f"Caught ValueError from task1: {e}")
        pass

    assert task2.done()  # task2 was able to run to completion

> And of course, :class:`!TaskManager` can be arbitrarily nested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown below, :class:`!TaskManager` can be arbitrarily nested.
```
